1) Explian Your Project Arch?

2)Explain about Layers used in your project?

3)In which layer you are involed?

4)What are technologies are used in your Project?

5)Is your attending any meetings?
If your attending then how much time ?

6)Your Client name?

7)What is your HR name and TL names etc...?

8)How security is implemented in your project?

9)What are the exceptions handled and avoided?

10) How many modules are there in your project?


11)How many roles (like admin,customer etc..) are there?

12)How many tables are there?

13)What need of webservice for your project?


14) Which implementation used from webservices?

15)Total Duration of Your Project?

16)What is scrum and scrum master?

17)How the tasks are assigning ?

18)What is sprint and story -points ?


19)what is difference between
agile and waterfall model?


20) Sample Unit Test cases of Your Project?


21)From Which Repository your getting Project?
(like SVN/CVS/GIT etc..)

22)Some of Design Patterns 
(DAO,Factory,AbstractFactory,
Front-Controller,BussinessDelegate,VO,BO,Proxy,
Facade,Command Object,ViewHelper,Singleton,
ServiceLocator,Strategy,MVC )

23)Questions On Tools (Maven,Junit,Log4j,SVN )

****24) How to resolve the Confilicts in SVN ?
To resolve the conflicts right click on conflicted file-->select team option and choose synchronize with repository
then take back up your data after that copy  code from remote file and paste into your local system
finally right click on conflicted file and click on mark as merge so that problem will solved.

25)svn term : Checkout,commit,update ?
checkout:chechout means creating a working copy in local system from remote system(remote copy)
commit:saving modified or newly added code into remote copy
update:Taking updations into already existing project in your local system from the remote copy


26) what is  trunk,branch,tags?

27) What are the issues your solved in your project?
  
28) Tell me some problems you faced while developing the
code?

29)Where method overloading 
and method overriding implemented in your project?
-->In dao layer and service layer first i created interface and declared some methods 
i was overriden  those methods in implemented class
-->in dao layer i was overloaded update method several times to execute sql commands on database
30)Is your created any thread in your project?
if created then what is need to create that Thread?

31) any where synchronoziation is
implemented in your  project?

32)All the collection questions ?

33) String,StringBuffer and string Builder questions?

34) JSTL tags?

35)What is Dependency Injection
and why dependency inj?

36) How many containers are there in spring?
spring having two containers
1)BeanFactory-->small container which is having less features like creating beans and injecting the dependency's
2)ApplicationContext container-->advanced container which is having more features like supporting  annotations and scheduling concepts,transactions

37) what is IOC?
   --> Stands for inversion of control which is developed based on IOC design pattern 
   -->IOC is acting as a mediater between dependent class and dependency class for injecting dependency's to dependent class
   -->It provides loose coupling between two classes
   -->Ioc are two types
       i)dependency injection
       ii)lookup  injection
 
 
38) Spring Mvc flow and All
the components of Spring MVC?
Explain flow of Mvc
Components:Dispatcher Servlet,HandlerMapping ,Controller,View Resolvers ..etc
39)Why we are using 
spring-boot and spring-batch?
spring-boot:i)spring boot is given by spring community as a separate project main aim this project is to remove complete configuration from the application
            ii)spring boot configures required classes automatically based on classpath
            iii)In spring boot not required to add more annotations
            iv)spring boot reduces the adding of maven dependency's
40) how to implement a corn job?

41)what is difference between
SOAP and Restfull webservices?

42)Commons questions on Servlet,JSP and JDBC?


43) What is difference between get and load() ?

44) Questions HQL,criteria,Native-SQL?

45)Caching tech'q question from Hibernate?

46)Locking mechanism in Hibernate and DB?

47)SessionFactory and Session in hibernate?

48) HibernatTemplate is better (OR) Plain Hibernate API
is better?

49) How to increase JVM heap Size and How to solve
HeapOut of Memory Error?

50) Connection Pooling realeated questions?

51)Transatcion Management related questions?

52) what is root resource and resource method?

53)where we can use GET Where we can use POST?

54)what is difference b.w QueryParameters
,Pata Parameters and matrix Parameters?

55)What is difference b.w JSON and XML?

56)write WSDL document?

57)SOA (Service Oriented Arch) Arch?

58)What is the difference Top-Down Approach
and Bottom-Up Approach?

59) How to create SEI in JAX-Rs And in JAX-Ws 
Api App's?

60) what is UDDI?

61)What is Endpoint?
   Endpoint is server side component  who receives request from client
62) What is Proxy(stub and skeleton)?
   proxy is not a real acting like real
63)what is MEP and MEF?





































































